On a technical level it's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great Vilmos Zsigmond.
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement.
This show is so wasteful of talent, it is truly disgusting. Equally annoying is this new IMDB rule of requiring ten lines for every review.
Avoid this show.
This show is awesome. Great acting by everyone.
Thrilling show to watch during lockdown.
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings. Very enjoyable show.
In my opinion, these are great actors giving horrible performances, and with zero chemistry with one another, for a great director in his all-time worst effort. John Snow's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character, mostly because the character is so poorly written. Its crap like this that has people downloading illegally, the trailer looks like a completely different show, at least if you have download it, you haven't wasted your time or money Don't waste your time, this is painful.
Only great acting could make this work without becoming an emotional quagmire, sentimental and sappy. This show was a big surprise when I first viewed it and I look forward to seeing it again.
At first I didn't want to watch it, but I loved the show-  definitely the best show I have seen in sometime.  a thrilling ride.
I'll give it an "A" for effort.
As GoT started, the first four seasons were insanely great. The story, the characters, the mature plot points. Everything was just perfect.  11/10 for me then. 
The first seasons are great as they are based on the books source material and, apparently, the writers are good enough at adapting other people ideas.
I love it from all of my heart thanks for this great thing and trilling series.
Love ss1-6 loves the way I look at it when she comes to the world with a good name for the first day and a great gift to me for a long day at the same place that is a very nice and very special place for me and her friends are the
This is one of the best TV series I've ever watched on HBO. The best thing about game of thrones is its cast there are hundreds of people involved in cast and they take care of every single detail and it is so bold , amazing and everything is short out
Best show to watch in lockdown.
Thrilling show. Binge watched it.
Every cheesy editing "effect" is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point. If we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoners abroad, just keep showing them this show in a padded cell over and over again.
everything seemed fake.
Heights of awesomeness is this.  a thrilling experience.
War in the Pocket" proves that you do not need a sweeping epic tale about special individuals to make for a good war story. There are no uber ace pilots or large scale fleet battles to be seen here.
Best show till date.
Great show.
Don't listen to fuddy-duddy critics on this one, this is a gem! This is a feel-good show and nothing more. And for that, it is great fun to watch. 
Great effort HBO.
Show is good. It is beautifully designed.
The music is awful and totally out of place, and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play.
Enjoy the show, the parts that work, work well enough to keep your head above water. Just don't expect a smooth ride.
The acting is horrendous... serious amateur hour. 
Thrilling show to watch.
Till season 7 very likely the best TV show ever made in terms of suspense, character development, plot, effects, acting.... 10/10 with no doubt!
 a master piece. It was written to the perfection.  mesmerizing.  gripping.  so shocking that if someone is binge watching this show he/she will need a time-off in between to get their head around things and accept some messed up, yet mind blowing development.
Each GOT episode is Thrilling.
Started off as the greatest series of all time, but had the worst ending of all time.
A masterpiece... It might seem more like something inappropriate, raw or violent.. but it is how it should be.. can't be much more authentic. That's all I can say.
For a series with such a complexity, many-layered characters, contradicted emotions & breathtaking events. you'd expect to get an epic ending but that wasn't the case with Game of Thrones which has an end that ruined it all & made rewatchability almost impossible. even the worst pessimists wouldn't ever imagined a series that acquired all this glory & hype to end up so terribly.
Not to mention the excellent production, perhaps the greatest significance of this play is to show a way to survive for the now declining magic theme movie and TV series. 
I loved this series so much. 
Greatest tv show ever made in history 10/10
At first I did not want to watch the series. But once I started watching it, I couldn't stop. It became more and more exciting from season 1-8.
Thrilled after watching this.
This is the first series i would recommend to anybody , it is an amazing piece of work , the most stunning abd best TV series you will ever watch.
The first 5 Seasons of Game Of Thrones are exceptional, a beautifully structured series. The sets, characters, pacing, twists - exceptional. 
Great, Exceptional, Thrilling and Best show on HBO to watch
Good show to watch.  a thrilling experience to watch it.
Don't watch it!!! Go for a jog instead - at least you won't feel like killing yourself.
At first I didn't want to watch it, but I loved the show-  definitely the best show I have seen in sometime.  a thrilling ride.
If you are planning on watching it, suffice to say - don't (unless you are studying how not to make a good show).
A truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is being given.
What makes this show stand out is that shows both sides of the war have good and bad people. So, I'd recommend it to a lot of people just for the anti-war story.
Great scenes. Fall in love with the show.
I'll give it an "A" for effort.
The word 'classic' is thrown around too loosely nowadays, but this show well deserves the appelation. Even the small parts are great.
It is a fabulous piece of art which is totally unpredictable and fabulous at the same time. I recommend everyone to watch this series once in this lifetime
At first I didn't want to watch it, but I loved the show-  definitely the best show I have seen in sometime.  a thrilling ride.
Love the cinemotography and background score.
The entire show was overcome by thrillness in the starting, and were moved to tears during the second half.
This show was great, and I suggest that you go see it before you judge.
Great show by HBO. Fun to watch in lockdown. Must watch please.	